ayman more fields there me from Brazil
Minas Gerais years just to point
tite stations may not behave
Relief news indicated the Ritzel
video here in England was hired
by kicking fighter
Students also want to see my city
well in competitions my best to
he
sometimes they play with me am
hiding some technical but I am
transparent
I try to pass the time I know I too
love competing attempts to reconcile my
lessons that my training and here in
England also learned a lot from
physical preparation is well placed
so the Colts a very good ons
very good around my professional
It has helped me a lot to keep
my my my my conditioning level
level
so I'm very happy here on earth
O
i
can be in fact it has people
they had darker effects
the girl dropped the girl who wowed in
an area equal to a Chinese pace
good response putin plant that is max
expert in 110 shows in Israel and
then go to play
the play station Ivorian as water comes
mobile viper team competition bike zone
It is finalizing 10 that will accompany
as china sony design name
workout routine two or three times a
week have always see friends
black belt train with me obvious
but I'm always training with my
students in my class sat near the
competition for always wanting to train
with my students put me in situations
very difficult very specific external
train but many saw and also two
other times a week I do is
fitness as my coach is
the same table had to win
every Thursday I have a workout to
We have a plan in London called
hence various then pooled plectus
black belt laura pretty well also pulled
never leave a workout that always okay
pulling me forward
I am very happy with the level level
technical for the moment I'm going through
here now in the search for england's
follow this keep pace with
today
the maned on guard so the lawyer
I'm always studying always looking
with my other teammates
projects and develop my judith for
stay at high level
I dream to be fighting championship
World in California
I'm training I think God has
prepared these years I'm here to
that I dream to reach the head
world championship and that is
podium is the dream black belt
is but thank God we have it my
sponsor the Azteca and gives all
stuff I need my kimono
all I need all kinds of
stuff I have on me and partnership
very good access to quality
material also love fashion dresses 7
very well
come and just so much like the
that sends sec quality than mono
the incomparable the more confident I am
more prepared has better prepared
through good times with small
clothing because of this match that
I spoke of is also cheerful
I think the most important athlete
he's good head and he will
can develop his kind way
It will be magical